Let network processor handle multiple IPs (#41918)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Remove unnecessary debug logs during idle connection teardown {issue}40824[40824]
- Fix incorrect cloud provider identification in add_cloud_metadata processor using provider priority mechanism {pull}41636[41636]
- Prevent panic if libbeat processors are loaded more than once. {issue}41475[41475] {pull}41857[51857]

> - Allow network condition to handle multiple IPs {pull}41918[41918]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow network condition to handle field values that are arrays of IP addresses. {pull}41918[41918]
```
